{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 RESTCONF\
NETCONF\
INFRASTRUCTURE AS CODE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Observer design pattern\
Modular design pattern\
test-driven
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 development?\
custom token auth\
tools are found in a Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline for infrastructure automation\
Which 
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 SD-WAN
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 component do you communicate with
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 when attaching or detaching device templates via REST API calls\
REST APIs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What does
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 HTTP 405 response status code indicate?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 three
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 statements
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 about API keys
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are correct?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose three.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What will be the value of the message-id attribute in the NETCONF response message if the NETCONF request message contains the attribute message-id with the value 102?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Which statement is correct about Cisco Intersight? \
With
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 ACI Toolkit, what is the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 correct
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 order of creating and applying a
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 configuration?\
Which principle states that every module, class, or function should implement only a part of the functionality provided by the software?\
What is the name of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco DNA Center Northbound REST API?\
What is the main purpose of the Cisco Virtual Internet Routing Lab (VIRL) AutoNetkit component?\
In
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco Software-Defined
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Access solution, which three network elements are used to build the underlay network? (Choose three.)\
What is the purpose of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the "
\f3 git checkout [branch name]
\f1 "
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 command?\
Which three statements are correct about the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 waterfall software development methodology? (Choose three.)\
What is fog computing?\
Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 three statements
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 about asynchronous APIs
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are correct? (Choose three.)\
Which three statements are correct about the agile software development methodology? (Choose three.)\
Which of the following statements describes the difference between
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 traditional and
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 software-defined
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 network
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 architecture?\
Which is the first phase of a Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) process?\
You
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 want
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 to test your
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 code against live infrastructure. Which DevNet resource is most appropriate for that?\
Which action does the APT module perform if the update_cache parameter is set to 
\f4\b yes
\f1\b0 ?\
Which YANG statement defines a reusable collection of nodes?\
Which API call is used to create a webhook on
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco Webex Teams?\
In the unified git diff output "@@ -X,Y +9,4 @@", what does the "X,Y" stand for?\
Which three characteristics differentiate Ansible from other automation tools? (Choose three.)\
Which two of the following protocols use encryption? (Choose two.)\
Which YANG statement
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 allows
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 insertion
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 additional YANG nodes into the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 existing data
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 model
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 without editing the model itself?\
Which two functionalities represent the primary functions provided by Cisco ISE? (Choose two.)\
Which three objects are modeled in a pyATS testbed? (Choose three.)\
Which two operations can an SNMP manager process perform in a network? (Choose two.)\
If you have definitions stored in an external file called fibo.py, which statement would you use to make definitions stored in fibo.py available in your program?\
Which form is the most suitable for storing user passwords in the database on the server?\
Which pipe
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 option
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 would you use on a Cisco Nexus switch CLI to convert a CLI command into its XML equivalent?\
Which parameter should we add to the service module so that Apache starts on boot? \
Which NSO
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 feature or component allows implementing a service that requires
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 sequential
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 staged deployment?\
In
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Webex
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Teams,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 statement is true about bot capabilities?\
URL parameters
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the easiest way
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 adding
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 basic filtering to REST APIs. Which option can be used for filtering all active
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 items if the resource is
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 named
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 "/items"?\
Which two statements about version control
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are correct? (Choose two.)\
Which port is the default port for the TCP Telnet protocol?\
Which three statements are correct about the JSON data format? (Choose three.)\
Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 two items
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 UCS Manager programmability frameworks that are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 built on top of the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 UCS Management open XML APIs?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose two.)\
Which of the following is
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 an
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 advantage
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 that
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 virtual machines
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (VMs) have
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 over containers?\
Which are the three benefits of using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) for managing deployment environments? (Choose three.)\
Which two values can be used with the "ordered-by" YANG list substatement? (Choose two.)\
What are two benefits of the code review process? (Choose two.)\
Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 two
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 statements
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 about HTTP basic authentication
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are correct?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose two.)\
Which is the data modelling language used to model data that is manipulated with the NETCONF protocol?In
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 NX-API Developer Sandbox presented in the figure, what is the difference between choosing
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the "cli"
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 or
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the "cli_ascii" command
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 type option?\
What
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 two
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 advantages
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 webhooks
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 have
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 over polling?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose two.)\
You run
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 a
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 tax
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 filing
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 website
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 that
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 handles
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 personal
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 information.
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Tax season approaches and
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 traffic
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 to the website increases tenfold. What is
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 optimal solution
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 in this
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 situation?\
Which two
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 APIs are available with
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco Finesse? (Choose two.)\
Which are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 three attributes of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 DevOps practices? (Choose three.)
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 \
In
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 YDK-Py,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 object of which class
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 must
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 be
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 instantiated
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 to create a NETCONF session
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 for use with CRUD operations on YANG data represented as Python objects?\
Which of the following is the practice of ongoing development of your network infrastructure using DevOps tools and processes to automate and orchestrate your network operations?\
Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 two
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 encodings for
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the <filter> element
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 supported in
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 NETCONF
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 <get-config> and <get>
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 operations? (Choose
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 two.)\
What
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are the two primary benefits of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 edge
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 computing? (Choose two.)\
Which instruction in
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Dockerfile
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 informs Docker that
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 a
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 container listens on the specified network ports at run time?\
Which Python built-in function do you use to find out which names are defined in a module?\
You are working on an application that integrates with a Cisco platform. Which DevNet resource would you use to jumpstart your development, and leverage the existing, ready-to-use code repositories?\
Your manager has asked you to analyze the network traffic of your company. Which two types of traffic are considered delay-sensitive? (Choose two.)\
Which software design principle is violated in the Python code above?\
With
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Cisco Firepower Management Center
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (FMC)
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 API Explorer, in which two languages
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 can you get
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 sample code snippets for a selected REST
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 API function?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose two.)\
What does the SDN approach to network management enable?\
Which
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Git command fetches and merges changes on the remote server to your
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 local Git
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 repository?\
Which three statements about a standard firewall on
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 an
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Application Control Engine
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (ACE)
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are correct? (Choose three.)\
What
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are two
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 benefits of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 separating a software code into
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 modules?
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 (Choose two.)\
You are using
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 HAProxy
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 to balance traffic between several web servers. It is necessary that a user
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 connects
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 to the same back-end server during
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 session duration.
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 What is the correct configuration option for the "balance" directive?\
Which symbols in the unified git diff output denote an original file?\
Which language is used in the Cisco Network Services Orchestrator (NSO) to describe the network service intent?\
What
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 are
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 three improvements
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 of
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the Model-View-Controller (MVC)design pattern
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 over
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 previous designs,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 which used to lump all MVC objects together? (Choose three.)\
You have a two-tier application: an open-source SQL database tier and an ASP.NET web front-end tier. Which application deployment type is the most suitable for continuous integration (CI) with automatic integration testing?\
Using
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 the
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 Python library
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 PyYAML,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 which line
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 parses
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 a
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 YAML
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 stream
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 into a Python object?\
Which three layers are vital parts of a container stack? (Choose three.)\
Which instruction
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 should you use to parse a JSON string in Python?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
}